README.md, before:

# Rabobank

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx, a Smart, fast and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨

## Overview

This repo in structured using the Nx integrated monorepo. This choice was made to leverage high code modularity. This repo also makes use of standalone web components. The repo is structured into the following projects:

- **explore-users** - This is the main project that bootstraps the entire Angular application

- **explore-users-e2e** - This project houses the e2e tests for the _explore-users_ project

- **data** - This project acts as the data layer for the entire monorepo

- **ui** - This project houses reusable standalone components for the monorepo

- **shared** - This project holds reusable code like _directives_, _pipes_ and other _utils_ for the monorepo

## Additional packages used

This repo uses some additional packages as follows:

- [@angular/material](https://material.angular.io/)

## Possible improvements

There is always room for improvement and the following points can be addressed:

- Conclude a design system for the monorepo. We could also integrate [Storybook](https://nx.dev/packages/storybook) for components to control this

- Get Users data from a dedicated endpoint

- Leverage routing

- Implement data sorting, pagination

- Improve coverage with Unit tests, e2e tests

- Enrich linting rules further

## Struggles

Challenges while developing this were:

- **Angular tables** - Working with Angular data tables has always been very complex

- **Data Sorting** - Sorting dynamic data with _@angular/material_

## Development server

Run `nx serve explore-users` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Understand this workspace

Run `nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.

## Remote caching

Run `npx nx connect-to-nx-cloud` to enable [remote caching](https://nx.app) and make CI faster.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

Commit message:

add and fix unit tests, update README

README.md, after:

# Rabobank

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx, a Smart, fast and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨

## Overview

This repo in structured using the Nx integrated monorepo. This choice was made to leverage high code modularity. This repo also makes use of standalone web components. The repo is structured into the following projects:

- **explore-users** - This is the main project that bootstraps the entire Angular application

- **explore-users-e2e** - This project houses the e2e tests for the _explore-users_ project

- **data** - This project acts as the data layer for the entire monorepo

- **ui** - This project houses reusable standalone components for the monorepo

- **shared** - This project holds reusable code like _directives_, _pipes_ and other _utils_ for the monorepo

## Additional packages used

This repo uses some additional packages as follows:

- [@angular/material](https://material.angular.io/)

## Possible improvements

There is always room for improvement and the following points can be addressed:

- Conclude a design system for the monorepo. We could also integrate [Storybook](https://nx.dev/packages/storybook) for components to control this

- Get Users data from a dedicated endpoint

- Leverage routing

- Implement data sorting, pagination

- Improve coverage with Unit tests, e2e tests

- Enrich linting rules further

## Struggles

Challenges while developing this were:

- **Angular tables** - Working with Angular data tables has always been very complex

- **Data Sorting** - Sorting dynamic data with _@angular/material_

## Development server

Run `nx serve explore-users` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Understand this workspace

Run `nx graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of the projects.

## Unit testing

Run `npx nx run-many --target=test` to run unit tests for all projects in parallel

Run `npx nx run PROJECT:test`, where **PROJECT** is one of existing projects like _explore-users_, _ui_, _data_ or _shared_. For example:

> npx nx run explore-users:test

## Remote caching

Run `npx nx connect-to-nx-cloud` to enable [remote caching](https://nx.app) and make CI faster.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.
